---
description: Changelog for v1.13 - published on March 25th, 2024.
---

# 📕 v1.13

### Highlights

* [TempVoice](https://docs.datbot.xyz/features/our-features/tempvoice)
* [New Logging Update](https://docs.datbot.xyz/features/our-features/logging#Update)
* [VALORANT connection](https://docs.datbot.xyz/features/our-features/links-connections)

### New Commands

* `/bot shards`
* `/flagquiz singleplayer`
* `/games valorant matchhistory`
* `/games valorant rank`
* `/user profile`
* `/user settings`

### Changes

* Embeds: You are now able to send embeds with webhooks.
* If the Twitch Username has been changed, the notification will now be deleted.
* Audit Logging
  * The displayName is now being used
  * MemberUpdate added
  * Timeout Logging added
  * Integration Create added
  * Twitch Messages are now being ignored
  * Multiple channel support
  * Threads and Forum Posts are now supported
* `/embeds edit`: Embeds with components (Buttons, Select Menus) are now not editable anymore.
* Internal changes (performance).
* Removed message, which was sent in a guild when the bot has been added.

### Fixes

* The design of the voice logging has been enhanced
* Voice Logging is working again (It was not working due to a wrong database query)
* The link of the user who removed the role from another user is working again (Thanks, Moritz)
* The bot's presence has been fixed
* Audit Log
  * Fixed an error which occurred when a global name was not set.
  * Removed a doubling of the Integration Delete logging.
* `/emojiquiz toggle` and `/flagquiz toggle`
  * Fixed a problem which made `/emojiquiz toggle` and `/flagquiz toggle` unusable
  * Fixed a problem which made `/emojiquiz toggle` and `/flagquiz toggle` unusable, if no channel for the quiz has been set.
* Temp Voice
  * The Logging for channel creation has been fixed
  * If the category has been deleted, nothing would happen.



### Deleted Commands

* `/random number`
* `/random user`
* `/random avatar`
* `/random coinflip`

### Upcoming

* Economy System
* Rewrites
  * Emoji quiz
  * Flag quiz
  * Level
* More Achievements and new Connections
