---
description: Published on May 20, 2024.
---

# 📔 v1.14

### Highlights

* Spotify connection
* New VALORANT commands
* More Logging Updates



### New Commands

* /copycategory - Copies a category -> [moderation.md](../our-features/moderation.md "mention"). Shoutout to Grellstein for the idea (Added on March 29).\

* /cat fact (Added on April 11) -> [fun.md](../our-features/fun.md "mention")\

* /user badges -> [information.md](../our-features/information.md "mention")&#x20;
* /user profile -> [information.md](../our-features/information.md "mention")
* /user settings -> [confugration.md](../our-features/confugration.md "mention")\

* /level roles sync
* /level roles debug\

* /games valorant season
* /games valorant gamemode
* /games valorant weapon
* /games valorant spray
* /games valorant skin
* /games valorant playercard\

* /link spotify
* /unlink spotify\

* /spotify myprofile
* /spotify artistinfo
* /spotify podcastinfo
* /spotify songinfo



### Updates

* /autorole
  * You are now able to add multiple roles through the select menu (Updated on March 23).
  * If te bot is missing the permission "View Channel", you will not get an error message (Updated on March 23).
* /welcome settings and /leave settings
  * The messages are now ephemeral to prevent any errors with missing permissions or other users interaction with your menu (Changed on April 4).
* /info user
  * Added "devices" field (Updated on April 5)
* /embeds create
  * Added a new error message if no fields are existing (Updated on April 9).
* Logging
  * Added bulkdelete (Added on April 9)
  * The performance has been increased by removing many unnessecary API calls.
  * Interactions are now exlucded from Message Update Logging
  * Added Logging&#x20;
    * Onboarding
    * Server Guide
    * Thread Member Update
    * Guild Member Update (Avatar Update, Nickname Update)
  * explicit\_content\_filter was added for Guild Update Logging
  * Added support for polls for Message Delete and Message Update
* /echo
  * If a thread channel is provided the permission check will now check for the correct permissions (Updated on April 12).&#x20;
  * Hyperlinks (For example `[google](https://google.com/)`) are not working anymore.
* Endelon Hosting
  * Removed all Endelon commands due to the shutdown of Endelon Hosting. Thank you, Endelon. ♥️ (Updated on April 12)
* /games valorant agent and /games valorant matchhistory
  * Added Clove.
* /level rank
  * Improvided the design.
* Context Menu
  * Added new permission checks (Shoutout to bypixeltv).
* /user settings and /user profile
  * Added the option to view the profile of other users.
  * The other user has to make the account public by using /user settings first.
* /poll create
  * Options can not be longer than 32 characters anymore due to Discord limits.
* /games valorant map
  * Removed the field "callouts"



### Bug fixes

* /games valorant matchhistory
  * Fixed a problem where the gamemode was unknown. This caused the command to stop working (Fixed on March 28).
* Leveling
  * Fixed a problem where the level system was not working (Fixed on March 28).
* /help
  * Fixed a problem where the commands were not sorted (Fixed on March 29).
* /leave test
  * Fixed a problem where the errors were not displayed (Fixed on April 7).
* /moderation kick
  * Fixed a problem where the english translation was not loading correctly (Fixed on April 7).
* /leave settings and /welcome settings
  * Fixed the formatting (Fixed on April 4).
* /leave message and /welcome message
  * Fixed a problem where you were not able to set the message if no previous message was existing (Fixed on April 19).
* Logging
  * TempVoice: Fixed a problem where the user was "undefined" (Fixed on April 19)
  * Voice: Fixed a problem where it was not working in general (Fixed on April 19)
  * In General: Fixed a problem where the embeds contacined information from other servers (this was a very weird issue but just lasted some hours)
* /games valorant rank
  * Fixed a problem where the correct error message was not displayed (Fixed on April 7).
* /moderation clear
  * Fixed a problem where the translation was not loaded correctly if there were no messages to deleted (Shoutout to bypixeltv).
* /moderation banreason
  * Fixed the autocomplete.
* /games valorant agent
  * Fixed a problem where the description was just "Description".
* Level Roles
  * Fixed a problem where the level roles were not added.
* /games fortnite shopitem
  * Fixed a problem where false information was displayed if there were multiple items with the same name.

### Deleted Commands

* /endelon servers (Endelon shutdown)
* /endelon links (Endelon shutdown)
* /endelon everyone (Endelon shutdown)
* /level roles toggle (Not used much)
* /games fortnite creatorcode (Not used at all since existing)
* /games fortnite logout (As there is also no login)

