---
description: Changelog for v1.11 - published on August 13th, 2023.
---

# 📗 v1.11

### New Commands

* `/games valorant agent`
* `/games valorant agents` (deleted)
* `/games valorant map`
* `/games valorant maps` (deleted)
* `/games valorant version`
* `/games fortnite login` (deleted)
* `/games fortnite logout`
* `/autopublish add`
* `/autopublish list`
* `/autopublish remove`
* `/autopublish test`
* `/autopublish toggle`
* `/embeds export`
* `/iq`
* `/cookie`

### Updates

* leave message
  * The command now uses a modal.
* level message
  * The command now uses a modal.
* welcome message
  * The command now uses a modal.
* games fortnite shopitem
  * Updated "shopitem" design
  * Improved autocomplete
* bot setup
  * Command has been updated completely
* games fortnite stats
  * If you connected your Discord account with your Fortnite account, you do not need to provide an username anymore.
* embeds create
  * You are now able to add and delete fields
* embeds copy
  * You are now able to copy the second, third, ... embed too
* info server
  * Added banner url field
* `Privacy policy`
  * Updated the Privacy policy
* `Bot itself`
  * Updated the description and app directory entry
* `Embeds`
  * You are now able to export and import JSON code.
  * You are now able to use the \</embeds export:1101551902715551794> command too (if you do not have the `Manage guild` permission)
* `Logging`
  * Added member kick, ban and unban logs
  * Added message pin and unpin logs
  * Added channel permission add, edit, delete logs

### Bugfixes

* `Logging & Security`
  * Fixed database entries
* info server
  * Fixed "shows" information (thanks for reporting, @nightsky\_chan)
* leave message
  * It now sets the correct message value.
  * A bug has been fixed where, if you lacked the appropriate permissions, the wrong error message would appear.
* games fortnite shopitem
  * Fixed an issue where the bot returned NaN in the "shop history" embed
  * Fixed an issue where the bot returned the incorrent "\[filler]x occurred" value.
* welcome message
  * A bug has been fixed where, if you lacked the appropriate permissions, the wrong error message would appear.
